c:\users\bomberdes\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TrafficWarden\TrafficWarden\TrafficWarden\bin\x86\Debug\TrafficWarden.exe
c:\users\bomberdes\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TrafficWarden\TrafficWarden\TrafficWarden\bin\x86\Debug\TrafficWarden.pdb
c:\users\bomberdes\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TrafficWarden\TrafficWarden\TrafficWarden\obj\x86\Debug\TrafficWarden.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\bomberdes\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TrafficWarden\TrafficWarden\TrafficWarden\obj\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.RuntimeProfile.txt
c:\users\bomberdes\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TrafficWarden\TrafficWarden\TrafficWarden\obj\x86\Debug\TrafficWarden.exe
c:\users\bomberdes\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TrafficWarden\TrafficWarden\TrafficWarden\obj\x86\Debug\TrafficWarden.pdb
c:\users\bomberdes\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TrafficWarden\TrafficWarden\TrafficWarden\bin\x86\Debug\Content\MenuFont.xnb
c:\users\bomberdes\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TrafficWarden\TrafficWarden\TrafficWarden\bin\x86\Debug\Nuclex.Input.dll
c:\users\bomberdes\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TrafficWarden\TrafficWarden\TrafficWarden\bin\x86\Debug\Nuclex.UserInterface.dll
c:\users\bomberdes\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TrafficWarden\TrafficWarden\TrafficWarden\bin\x86\Debug\SlimDX.DirectInput.dll
c:\users\bomberdes\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TrafficWarden\TrafficWarden\TrafficWarden\bin\x86\Debug\Nuclex.Support.dll
c:\users\bomberdes\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TrafficWarden\TrafficWarden\TrafficWarden\bin\x86\Debug\Nuclex.Testing.Xna.dll
c:\users\bomberdes\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TrafficWarden\TrafficWarden\TrafficWarden\bin\x86\Debug\Nuclex.Input.xml
c:\users\bomberdes\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TrafficWarden\TrafficWarden\TrafficWarden\bin\x86\Debug\Nuclex.UserInterface.xml
c:\users\bomberdes\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TrafficWarden\TrafficWarden\TrafficWarden\bin\x86\Debug\SlimDX.DirectInput.xml
c:\users\bomberdes\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TrafficWarden\TrafficWarden\TrafficWarden\bin\x86\Debug\Nuclex.Support.xml
c:\users\bomberdes\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TrafficWarden\TrafficWarden\TrafficWarden\bin\x86\Debug\Nuclex.Testing.Xna.xml
c:\users\bomberdes\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TrafficWarden\TrafficWarden\TrafficWarden\bin\x86\Debug\nunit.framework.dll
C:\Users\BomberDes\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TrafficWarden\TrafficWarden\TrafficWarden\bin\x86\Debug\Content\TrafLite.xnb
C:\Users\BomberDes\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TrafficWarden\TrafficWarden\TrafficWarden\bin\x86\Debug\TrafficWarden.exe.config
C:\Users\BomberDes\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TrafficWarden\TrafficWarden\TrafficWarden\bin\x86\Debug\artemis.dll
C:\Users\BomberDes\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TrafficWarden\TrafficWarden\TrafficWarden\bin\x86\Debug\ParallelTasks.dll
C:\Users\BomberDes\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TrafficWarden\TrafficWarden\TrafficWarden\bin\x86\Debug\artemis.xml
C:\Users\BomberDes\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TrafficWarden\TrafficWarden\TrafficWarden\bin\x86\Debug\ParallelTasks.xml
C:\Users\BomberDes\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TrafficWarden\TrafficWarden\TrafficWarden\bin\x86\Debug\XNInterface.dll
C:\Users\BomberDes\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TrafficWarden\TrafficWarden\TrafficWarden\bin\x86\Debug\Content\roadparts\pavement.xnb
C:\Users\BomberDes\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TrafficWarden\TrafficWarden\TrafficWarden\bin\x86\Debug\Content\roadparts\road.xnb
C:\Users\BomberDes\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TrafficWarden\TrafficWarden\TrafficWarden\bin\x86\Debug\Content\roadparts\Bases\intersection.xnb
C:\Users\BomberDes\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TrafficWarden\TrafficWarden\TrafficWarden\bin\x86\Debug\Content\ArrowH.xnb
C:\Users\BomberDes\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TrafficWarden\TrafficWarden\TrafficWarden\bin\x86\Debug\Content\ArrowV.xnb
C:\Users\BomberDes\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TrafficWarden\TrafficWarden\TrafficWarden\bin\x86\Debug\xTile.dll
C:\Users\BomberDes\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TrafficWarden\TrafficWarden\TrafficWarden\bin\x86\Debug\Content\test.xnb
C:\Users\BomberDes\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TrafficWarden\TrafficWarden\TrafficWarden\bin\x86\Debug\Content\spritesheet.xnb
